# Ignite Mentoring Project

## Objective

To provide [Ignite Mentoring](http://www.ignitementoring.org) a web based tool that allocates its mentors to classes while learning the basics of web development.

## TODO

- [x] Practicing HTML, CSS, JS fundamentals
- [x] Figure out and implement an algorithm
- [x] Add some CSS to the thing
- [ ] Work on the visual aesthetic of the project via HTML
- [ ] Add additional features including having a specified amount of mentors in a class
- [ ] Adding a shuffle button for the algorithm
- [ ] Need to check for gender balance in the algorithm
- [ ] Fix ordering of columns
- [ ] Fix sizing of result text such that overflow is avoided
- [ ] Add padding to results
- [ ] 'Download file' button downloads the file instead of downloading the next shuffled
- [ ] 'Re-Shuffle' and 'Download CSV' appears/clickable after file is uploaded

## Tech Stack

Pure HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

## Project Structure

The project is made purely from HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. There is no backend.

### File relationships

- `index.html` - `main.js`
- `index.html` - `papaparse.min.js`
- `index.html` - `style.css`
- `csv files` not directly imported/related to anything
- `data_gen.py` not directly imported/related to anything

### `index.html`

This is the main page and entry point of the website. Simply open the file to open it in the browser.<br />
It provides the structure as well as importing of the required JS codes.<br />
You can see it importing code in these lines.

```html
<script src="papaparse.min.js"></script>
<script src="main.js"></script>
```

### `main.js`

This is the main JS code for the app.<br />
It reads the data using `papaparse.min.js` and uses a brute force algorithm to allocate mentors to classes, irresepective of their preferences.

### `style.css`

The main stylesheet that brings color and joy to the bleak, featureless, and miserable world of HTML.<br />
Called Cascading Style Sheet, they describe the presentation of a document written in a markup language which includes the Hypertext Markup Language.

### `papaparse.min.js`

A [third party JS library](https://www.papaparse.com/) that reads CSV files and stores them as JS objects.<br />
The code is unreadable because it is _minified_, a process wherein code is compressed to decrease its size such that there is less for the client to download.

### `csv files`

Fake mentor data either provided by the client or generated by `data_gen.py`.<br />
CSV stands for Comma Separated Values and it is just another file format, like JSON.

### `data_gen.py`

This is just a python code that generate some fake data.<br />
It can no longer make data that conforms to the requirement of the updated `main.js`.
